♪ ♪
>> START THE CLOCK.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> Bill: THANK YOU SO MUCH,
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, SIT DOWN.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
BELIEVES.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
WHAT A CROWD, PEOPLE ARE CRAZY,
IT'S THE FISCAL NEW YEAR SO
PEOPLE GO NUTS.
THAT'S THE BIG STORY, I HATE TO
HAVE TO BORE YOU WITH ALL THIS
SHIT BUT THAT'S ALL AMERICA IS
TALKING ABOUT.
THE TEMPORARY FUNDING BILL GOT
PASSED, WE ARE NOT GOING TO HAVE
A GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
YOUR CHEERING?
BECAUSE WE MADE IT THROUGH TO
DECEMBER 3RD?
THAT'S WHAT THEY DID!
THE DEMOCRATS WANTED TO RAISE
THE DEBT CEILING BUT NO, JUST
UNTIL DECEMBER 3RD, THIS IS THE
EQUIVALENT OF PUTTING DUCT TAPE
ON YOUR SHOWER NOZZLE UNTIL YOU
ACTUALLY CALL THE PLUMBER.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
THIS STUPID, STUPID GAME OF
CHICKEN THAT THEY ALWAYS PLAY
WHENEVER A DEMOCRAT IS THE
PRESIDENT AND REPUBLICANS CAN
MAKE THEM LOOK LIKE AN ASSHOLE.
AT THE LAST MINUTE, DEMOCRATS
HAD TO BACK DOWN, NANCY PELOSI
BLINKED WHICH IS ITSELF NEWS.
[LAUGHTER]
WE JOKE HERE.
[APPLAUSE]
DID YOU SEE THERE IS A NEW BOOK
OUT ABOUT TRUMP?
EVERYBODY WORKED FOR TRUMP FOR
YEARS COMPLETELY LOYAL, NOW THEY
HATE HIS GUTS AND THEY WRITE A
BOOK.
THIS IS WHAT I WAS REALLY
THINKING.
STEPHANIE GRISHAM, I DON'T EVEN
REMEMBER THIS ONE, ONE OF TRUMP
TRUMP'S MANY PRESS SECRETARIES
WROTE A BOOK AND THAT SHE TALKED
ABOUT ALL THE INSIDE DIRT.
APPARENTLY MELANIA WAS VERY
ANGRY ABOUT TRUMP CHEATING ON
HER, AT ONE POINT SHE TEARFULLY
SAID "I WISH HE NEVER ORDERED
ME.
"[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
I LOVE THIS -- I KNOW BIDEN
ISN'T PERFECT BUT JUST REMEMBER
IT WAS ONLY A YEAR AGO SHIT LIKE
THIS WAS HAPPENING.
AT ONE POINT TRUMP CALLED
STEPHANIE GRISHAM FROM
AIR FORCE ONE ABOUT HIS PENIS.
THAT'S NOT HAPPENING UNDER THE
CURRENT ADMINISTRATION.
REMEMBER, STORMY DANIELS SAID IT
WAS SHAPED LIKE A TOADSTOOL.
HE HAD TO CALL IT, GET IT OUT
THERE, MY DICK IS NOT SHAPED
LIKE A TOADSTOOL.
DO YOU SEE WHY HE HAD SO MANY
PRESS SECRETARIES?
DRY WORKING THAT INTO A PRESS
RELEASE ABOUT THE CONSUMER PRICE
INDEX.
THERE IS A JOB.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
THE GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN IS
CAUSING A LOT OF PROBLEMS, HAD
BIG TROUBLE GETTING SHIPPED?
A LOT OF PEOPLE ARE.
THERE'S A SHORTAGE OF CANNED
VEGETABLES, CHICKEN, BOTTLED
WATER, BUT THE BRIGHT SIDE, WE
ARE FULLY STOCKED WITH HALLOWEEN
SHIT.
OF THIS COUNTRY, I LOVE THIS
COUNTRY -- KIND OF.
NO CHICKEN BUT IF YOU WANT A
PLASTIC RAT THAT SINGS THE
MONSTER MASH, WE'VE GOT YOU
COVERED.
AND CELEBRITY NEWS,
BRITNEY SPEARS FATHER HAS BEEN
REMOVED FROM THE CONSERVATORSHI
CONSERVATORSHIP.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
PEOPLE ARE VERY EXCITED.
THANK GOD, IF THIS WENT ON MUCH
LONGER, KEN BURNS WOULD MAKE A
DOCUMENTARY ABOUT IT, CAN WE
STOP TALKING -- GOOD FOR
BRITNEY, A LOS ANGELES JUDGE HAS
OFFICIALLY RELEASED HER AND PUT
HER FATHER IN THE CORNER.
NOW THE DEMOCRATS WANT TO PUT
THAT JUDGE ON KYRSTEN SINEMA.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
I LOVE TWITTER CONGRATULATING
THEMSELVES ON FREEING BRITNEY.
FOR FUCKS SAKE, SHE'S A POP STAR
WHO COULDN'T USE HER
CREDIT CARD, SHE'S NOT
NELSON MANDELA, OKAY?
WE DID AT!
WE FREED BRITNEY.
I'M GLAD SHE'S FREED, I DON'T
EVEN DISAGREE, SHE WAS SO
EXCITED WHEN SHE HEARD THE NEWS,
SHE SHAVED HER HEAD AND ATTACKED
A CAR WITH AN UMBRELLA, IS THAT
A BAD SIGN?
[LAUGHTER]
WE JOKE HERE.
THIS LAST STORY, IS SO
CALIFORNIA.
WHERE ARE THE CALIFORNIANS WHEN
YOU NEED THEM?
OUR LATEST WILDFIRE WAS STARTED
BY A SHAMAN.
OF COURSE IT WAS!
A SHAMAN, WHO WAS IN THE WOODS
BOILING BEAR YEAR-END, NOT --
URINE FROM A BEAR.
THAT'S WHY I ALWAYS DRINK MINE
COLDER.
I JUST WANT TO KNOW HOW SHE GOT
THE BEAR TO PEE IN A CUP.
OKAY, WE'VE GOT A GREAT SHOW,
MATT TAIBBI AND KATHERINE
MANGU-WARD ARE HERE.
BUT FIRST, HE'S A MUSICIAN,
ULTIMATE ROCK 'N' ROLL REBEL, HE
FOUND TIME TO BECOME A REALLY
GOOD ACTOR.
HIS NEW BOOK IS
"UNREQUITED
INFATUATIONS: A MEMOIR," HE'S
ALSO MY GOOD FRIEND: STEVIE VAN
ZANDT.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> I'LL TAKE IT.
>> Bill: OKAY.
I FINALLY GET YOU IN MY TORTURE
CHAMBER.
>> ONLY 30 YEARS IN THE MAKING.
>> Bill: I'M GOING TO MAKE THE
MOST OF ITS.
THE BOOK, I GOBBLED IT UP IT'S
FANTASTIC.
THE TITLE, UNREQUITED
INFATUATIONS, AWESOME TITLE.
THERE ARE SO MANY AUTHORS OUT
THERE SAYING "I WISH I WOULD'VE
THOUGHT OF THAT.
IT SAYS SO MANY THINGS.
THE OTHER TITLE I WANT TO GET TO
COME A ROCK 'N' ROLL REBEL, I
SAID IF THERE.
YOU NAMED YOUR BOX SET AFTER
THAT, IT WAS YEARS IN THE
MAKING.
I FEEL LIKE EVEN AMONG ROCKERS
WHO ARE REBELS, YOU ARE A REBEL
AMONG REBELS, DO YOU THINK
THAT'S TRUE?
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> AT THE TIME, POLITICS WASN'T
COOL IN OUR BUSINESS.
IT'S ONE OF THOSE ACTUAL
BUSINESS THINGS.
STAY AWAY FROM POLITICS AND
RELIGION.
YOU FOLLOWED.
>> Bill: IT'S BEEN MY MANTRA
MY WHOLE CAREER!
>> I JUST KIND OF JUMPED IN AND
MADE THAT MY IDENTITY.
GROWING UP IN THE 60s,
EVERYBODY HAD A VERY DISTINCT
IDENTITY.
WHEN I LEFT THE E STREET BAND, I
WAS LIKE HOW DO I JUSTIFY MY
EXISTENCE?
I WILL BE THE POLITICAL GUY.
>> Bill: I KNOW YOU SAY YOU
LEFT BECAUSE HE WANTED MORE IN
THE DECISION-MAKING PROCESS.
BUT ACTUALLY WHEN I LOOK AT WHAT
YOU WENT FROM, I DON'T KNOW HOW
YOU COULD HAVE COEXISTED BECAUSE
YOU JUST WANTED TO BE SO MUCH
MORE POLITICAL.
A THEME THROUGHOUT THE BOOK AND
YOUR LIFE IS YOU LOSING MONEY.
OR FORGOING MONEY THAT COULD
HAVE BEEN -- MONEY THAT WAS ON
THE TABLE THAT YOU DID NOT RAKE
IN BECAUSE YOU CHOSE THIS OTHER
PATH.
YOU ARE THE ROCK 'N' ROLL REBEL.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
CAN I JUST GO THROUGH?
THE NAMES OF YOUR ALBUMS FROM
THE 80s, THEY WERE ALL
REVOLUTION, FREEDOM, NO
COMPROMISE.
VOICE OF AMERICA.
DO WE HAVE THOSE PICTURES FROM
THOSE ALBUMS?
I JUST GOT TO SAY, WHAT WAS THE
LOOK YOU'RE GOING FOR THERE?
[LAUGHTER]
>> IT WAS IN THE CLOSET.
>> Bill: A LOT OF MASCARA.
>> IT'S A LOOK.
HIM >> Bill: THE POINT IS, YOU
WANTED TO BE THIS GUY WHO DID
SOMETHING -- I'VE ALWAYS SAID
THIS ABOUT MUSIC, I THINK A LOT
OF MUSICIANS THEY DIG THEMSELVES
UP ABOUT YOU CAN CHANGE THE
WORLD BUT WHAT YOU DID IN
SOUTH AFRICA REALLY DID KIND OF
CHANGE WHAT WAS GOING ON.
[APPLAUSE]
>> IT WAS A LOT OF PEOPLE
INVOLVED, NOT JUST US, THE FOUR
MUSKETEERS, IT WAS THE
UNITED NATIONS TO ALL THE UNIONS
IN EUROPE, IT WAS A BIG MOVEMEN
MOVEMENT.
WE DID LIGHTS THAT SPARK.
>> Bill: WASN'T THAT THE YEAR
AFTER SUN CITY?
PEOPLE DON'T REMEMBER, I VAGUELY
REMEMBER SUN CITY WAS THE
LAS VEGAS OF SOUTH AFRICA.
I REMEMBER EVERYBODY PLAYED IT.
FRANK SINATRA OPENED IT BUT LOTS
OF PEOPLE WHO ARE KNOWN AS BIG
LIBERALS IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY
PROBABLY DON'T WANT TO BE
REMINDED -- THERE WAS THIS
PRESSURE THAT YOU PUT ON.
IT WAS LIKE WHY ARE YOU GOING
THERE TO SOUTH AFRICA, THIS IS
AN APARTHEID REGIME?
>> LET'S ASSUME THEY WERE
MANIPULATED WHICH THEY WERE,
LET'S NOT HAVE INFIGHTING
AMONGST THE MUSIC PEOPLE, LET'S
KEEP OUR EYE ON THE BALL BECAUSE
WE HAD A BIGGER GOAL IN MIND
WHICH WAS TO RAISE ENOUGH
CONSCIOUSNESS TO GET THE
SANCTIONS BILL PASSED.
WE KNOW IT WHEN IT CAME UP,
RONALD REAGAN WAS GONNA VETO IT.
HE WAS PART OF THAT UNHOLY
TRINITY -- HE WAS A
GRANDFATHERLY, COWBOY, HAPPY
COWBOY AND ALL THESE CRIMES ARE
GOING ON BEHIND THE SCENES.
WE DID TO RAISE THAT
CONSCIOUSNESS ENOUGH THAT WHEN
THE SANCTIONS BILL CAME UP WHICH
WAS THE HOME RUN -- SPORTS
BOYCOTT FIRST WHICH WAS IN
PLACE, THE CULTURAL BOYCOTT
WHICH IS WHAT WE DID AND THE
ECONOMIC SANCTIONS.
ONCE IT CAME UP HE DID VETO IT
BUT WE OVERRODE THE VETO BECAUSE
WE RAISE THE CONSCIOUSNESS SO
MUCH.
REPUBLICANS VOTED FOR IT.
RICHARD LUGAR AND REPUBLICANS
VOTED FOR THE SANCTIONS BILL,
CAN YOU IMAGINE?
REPUBLICANS VOTING SO BLACK
PEOPLE COULD VOTE?
>> Bill: DIFFERENT ERA, VERY
DIFFERENT ERA.
YOU DID ALL THAT AND YET YOU
STILL DIDN'T STARVE.
YOU STILL HAD SOME MONEY.
>> IS NOT THE MONEY THING SO
MUCH, I'VE HAD WONDERFUL
SUCCESSES.
I DON'T WANT TO EVER SOUND
UNGRATEFUL ABOUT THE
E STREET BAND AND SOPRANOS AND
LILYHAMMER AND SUN CITY PROJECT.
MY OWN PERSONAL STUFF, MY
PERSONAL RECORDS THAT YOU HAD ON
THE SCREEN UP THERE, HAVE NOT
FOUND AN AUDIENCE.
THE POINT IS YOU'RE GOING TO GO
THROUGH LIFE, YOU'RE GOING TO
HAVE SOME FRUSTRATION, EVERYBODY
IS AND THAT IS WHEN UNIVERSAL
THEMES START TO HAPPEN.
IT'S NOT A MATTER OF ARE YOU
GOING TO BE DISAPPOINTED, IT'S
WHAT DO YOU DO AFTER THAT?
DO YOU GIVE UP AND THROW IN THE
TOWEL OR DO YOU FIND A WAY TO
MOVE FORWARD?
I HOPE THE BOOK IS USEFUL THAT
WAY.
>> Bill: I THINK IT WILL BE,
IT'S REALLY INTERESTING THE WAY
YOU DRAW THIS PARALLEL
BETWEEN -- I THINK THE WORD IS
CONSIGLIO VERY -- SO YOU WERE
KIND OF LIKE THAT IN THE
E STREET BAND AND THAT'S THE
PART YOU PLAYED ON
"THE SOPRANOS."
[LAUGHTER]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
YOU HAD NEVER ACTED, DAVID CHASE
CAST YOU BASED ON CHARISMA,
LIKABILITY, AUTHENTICITY, NOT ON
ACTING ABILITY WHICH YOU DIDN'T
HAVE AT THE TIME.
>> THERE WAS NONE.
I TURNED THEM DOWN WHEN HE ASKED
ME.
>> Bill: BUT IT WORKED BECAUSE
HE DIDN'T HAVE TO STRETCH TOO
FAR IN YOUR MIND FOR THAT ROLE.
>> IT DEVELOPED INTO THAT, IT
DIDN'T START OFF THAT WAY, IT
STARTED OFF RUNNING THE STRIP
CLUB FOR THE FAMILY AND WE WOULD
MEET IN THE BACK ROOM, THAT
WOULD BE OUR OFFICE.
THE FIRST SEASON DEVELOPED INTO
THAT UNDERBOSS ROLE.
>> Bill: I KNOW YOU PROBABLY
WOULD AGREE WITH THE McCARTNEY
THING USED TO SAY, I WOULD
RATHER HAVE A BAND THAN A
ROLLS-ROYCE.
I'M GUESSING YOU WOULD AGREE
WITH THAT STATEMENT, YOU LOVE
HAVING A BAND.
YOU LOVE BEING IN A BAND TO PICK
OUT >> THAT'S MY INCLINATION,
I'M A BAND GUY.
>> Bill: DO YOU THINK THERE
MAY BE TOO MANY BANDS NOW?
I DID THE THING EARLIER -- IT'S
1.6 MILLION ARTISTS FROM THE
BEGINNING -- 2019 TO THE MIDDLE
OF 2020, A MILLION .6 ARTISTS
WERE ON SPOTIFY.
>> WOW.
>> Bill: CAN THERE BE THAT
MANY GOOD BANDS?
[LAUGHTER]
AND HOW DO WE WEED OUT THE SHIT?
>> I SOLVE THE PROBLEM ALREADY,
TUNE INTO THE UNDERGROUND GARAGE
CHANNEL.
>> Bill: YOU WANT TO BREAK NEW
BANDS.
>> WE HAVE INTRODUCED OVER A
THOUSAND.
>> Bill: ARE THERE EVEN A
THOUSAND GOOD ONES?
>> IT TOOK 20 YEARS BUT YOU NEED
SOME TO RATION THESE DAYS.
IT'S MORE MUSIC THAN EVER, EVEN
THOUGH THE ROCK BUSINESS IS KIND
OF OVER E AS FAR AS THE INDUSTRY
IS CONCERNED.
>> Bill: THAT'S MOSTLY AN
OLDIES THING BECAUSE THEY HAVE
THE MONEY.
>> YES.
>> Bill: THE OLDER PEOPLE HAVE
MONEY.
>> THEY BRING THE GENERATIONS
WITH THEM.
>> Bill: THEY PAY FOR THEM
LIKE THEY DO EVERYTHING ELSE.
>> TRUE, THAT IS TRUE.
>> Bill: ARE YOU 70?
YOU DON'T EVEN LOOK IT AND YOU
CERTAINLY DON'T DRESS IT.
CAN YOU DO THESE FOUR OUR SHOWS?
SOMETIMES THE E STREET BAND.
>> NO, IT SHOULDN'T BE FOUR.
WE ONLY DID FOUR A COUPLE TIMES
AND IT WAS TOO MUCH.
AT THE END OF THOSE SHOWS, BRUCE
CAME OVER TO ME, HE'S LIKE I
CAN'T BEND THE STRINGS ANYMORE,
MIKEI'M LIKE GO TALK TO THE BOS,
DON'T COMPLAIN TO ME.
THREE AND A HALF, THAT'S ABOUT
THE LIMITS, PEOPLE HAVE TO GET
HOME TO THE BABYSITTERS.
>> Bill: THE ROLLING STONES
ARE STILL DOING IT, THERE OLDER
THAN YOU.
>> MADE A GO FOREVER BECAUSE
WE'LL AND STILL BE THE NEW GUYS
ON THE BLOCK.
>> Bill: STEVIE VAN ZANDT
EVERYBODY.
LET'S MEET OUR PANEL!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
HELLO THERE!
SHE'S EDITOR-IN-CHIEF OF REASON
MAGAZINE AND CO-HOST OF "THE
REASON ROUNDTABLE" PODCAST:
KATHERINE MANGU-WARD.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
HE'S THE EDITOR OF TK NEWS ON
SUBSTACK AND CO-HOST OF THE
PODCAST "USEFUL IDIOTS": MATT
TAIBBI.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
OKAY, THIS BUDGET SHIT IS BORING
AND WONKY BUT WHAT IS GOING ON
IN THIS COUNTRY?
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT ITS.
LET'S SPICE IT UP BY THINKING
ABOUT IT THIS WAY, THEY DO
SURVEYS OF MARRIED COUPLES OR
EVEN COUPLES IN RELATIONSHIPS
AND THEY ALWAYS FIND OUT THAT
THE NUMBER ONE THING PEOPLE
FIGHT ABOUT, NO CLOSE SECOND, IS
MONEY.
PEOPLE FIGHT ABOUT MONEY AND
THAT'S WITH THE DEMOCRATS ARE
DOING.
MOMMY AND DADDY ARE FIGHTING
ABOUT MONEY.
THEY HAVE TWO BELLS, THEY HAVE
PASSED NEITHER ONE.
ONE THEY COULD PASS RIGHT NOW,
1.2 TRILLION -- WHEN YOU PASS
THE T THING -- THAT'S JUST FOR
INFRASTRUCTURE.
THAT'S ACTUALLY BUILDING ROADS
AND BRIDGES AND STUFF LIKE THAT.
A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO WE
WOULD'VE BEEN HAPPY TO JUST HAVE
THAT.
THEM THEY HAVE THIS OTHER
$3.5 TRILLION BILL, THAT'S FOR
LOTS OF OTHER STUFF LIKE
CHILD CARE.
COMMUNITY COLLEGE, UNIVERSAL
PRE-K, MEDICARE EXPANSION, PAID
FAMILY AND MEDICAL AID.
[APPLAUSE]
FREE STUFF, ALWAYS POPULAR.
THE TWO WINGS OF THE PARTY,
THERE'S THE AOC-BERNIE WING AND
THEY ARE GOING TO HOLD THE ONE
HOSTAGE UNTIL THEY GET THEM
BOTH.
THE OTHER MORE MODERATE SIDE,
THEY ARE VERY MAD -- KIERSTEN
AND KRISTIN HAD TO GET THEIR
NAMES FUCKING ALIGNED.
KYRSTEN SINEMA AND JOE MANCHIN
ARE THE TWO DEMOCRATS HOLDING
THEM UP AND THEY ARE MAD AT THEM
BECAUSE ARE NOT PROGRESSIVE
ENOUGH, FORGETTING THEY ONLY GOT
ELECTED BECAUSE OF NOT
PROGRESSIVE, THEIR MODERATES.
HERE'S MY QUESTION, THIS
SPENDING MORE MONEY MAKE YOU A
BETTER PERSON OR A BIGGER
MODERATE?
AND MAYBE THESE TWO,
KYRSTEN SINEMA, AND JOE MANCHIN,
DO THEY HAVE THE THUMB MORE ON
THE PULSE OF THE AVERAGE
DEMOCRAT IN THE COUNTRY?
>> THE MAIN CONVERSATION ABOUT
THIS IS JUST PEOPLE SHOUTING
THOSE $2 TRILLION NUMBERS AT
EACH OTHER OVER AND OVER.
WE HAVE THIS IDEA -- NOBODY
KNOWS WHAT'S IN THE BILLS.
>> Bill: I FIND THAT TO BE A
PROBLEM.
>> A HUGE PROBLEM.
THERE'S A BRIEF MOMENT LAST WEEK
WERE ACTUALLY THE $3.5 TRILLION
BILL WAS A $0 BILL, THERE WAS
THIS BIG FIGHT BECAUSE IT'S PAID
FOR, IT'S KIND OF LIKE THE MONEY
COMES FROM NOWHERE, IT'S FINE.
>> Bill: OBAMACARE WAS PAID
FOR, I FEEL LIKE THAT WAS SUCH A
DIFFERENT ERA WHEN THAT WAS A
THING TO AT LEAST TRY TO PAY FOR
YOUR BILL.
>> THERE ARE PAY FOURS IN BOTH
OF THESE BILLS BUT THE FACT
THAT -- OBVIOUSLY THERE'S GOING
TO BE A HUGE AMOUNT OF COUNTING
TRICKERY, THAT'S ALWAYS GOOD TO
HAPPEN.
I THINK YOU WERE RIGHT, THE
AMERICAN PUBLIC IT'S NOT CLEAR
WHAT THEY VOTED FOR WHEN THEY
VOTED FOR JOE BIDEN WHO WAS
PERCEIVED AS A MODERATE,
$3.5 TRILLION OF MASSIVE NEW
SOCIAL PROGRAMS, IT MAY NOT BE
WHAT PEOPLE WANT TO.
IT'S REASONABLE ENOUGH FOR
REPRESENTATIVES TO SAY CAN WE
TALK ABOUT THIS A LITTLE MORE?
>> IT'S INTERESTING IN THE MEDIA
FROM THAT STANDPOINT HOW QUICKLY
WE HAVE GONE FROM BELIEVING --
MOST MEDIA PEOPLE BELIEF DEFICIT
SPENDING WAS A GOOD THING AND WE
NEED MORE OF THAT.
NOW IT'S LIKE MONETARY THEORY,
THIS A LIMITLESS AMOUNT OF MONEY
WE CAN SPEND AND WE SHOULD NEVER
HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT ACCOUNTING
AGAIN OR PAYING FOR THINGS AGAIN
AND I THINK IT'S INTERESTING
ALMOST EVERYBODY WHO COVERS THIS
STUFF BELIEVES THAT.
>> THERE'S THIS WEIRD PRETENSE
THAT WE ALWAYS BELIEVED IT TO.
THIS IS A VERY NEW IDEA TO SAY
ACTUALLY YOU CAN DEFINITELY
SPEND TRILLIONS OF DOLLARS AND
IT MEANS NOTHING FOR WHAT YOUR
CHILDREN WILL HAVE TO PAY BACK,
WHAT RESOURCES WE WILL HAVE IF
THERE'S ANOTHER CRISIS IN THE
FUTURE AND I JUST DON'T BUY
THAT.
>> Bill: I FEEL LIKE COVID
CHANGE THAT, YOU ARE A BOOK
SHOCK DOCTRINE -- THE THEORY
NEVER LET A CRISIS GO TO WASTE,
WE SAW HOW THE REPUBLICANS DID
IT WHEN 9/11 HAPPENED AND WE
ALWAYS WANTED TO INVADE IRAQ
AGAIN.
AND I FEEL LIKE THIS IS KIND OF
WHAT THE OTHER SIDE DID WITH
COVID, THEY ALWAYS WANTED TO
SEND MORE CHECKS TO PEOPLE WHO
HAVE KIDS.
PART OF THIS BILL IS ANYBODY WHO
WAS MAKING $400,000 GETS $2,000
A KID.
BABY BONUS.
>> THIS A LOT OF STUFF IN THIS
BILL THAT'S GOING TO GO TO
PEOPLE WHO ARE BETTER OFF, IT'S
A REASONABLE ENOUGH QUESTION TO
SAY THERE ARE PEOPLE SUFFERING
IN THIS COUNTRY, THEY NEED HELP
AND MAYBE THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT
OCCASIONALLY SHOULD HELP WITH
THAT BUT THAT IS NOT WITH THESE
$3.5 TRILLION ARE.
IT'S EVERYTHING EVERY DEMOCRAT
EVER WANTED TO DO.
>> Bill: ISN'T HAVING KIDS
JUST A CHOICE?
CURRENTLY PICKING WINNERS
WINNERS AND LOSERS THERE?
>> YOU'RE NOW ALONE, THE
REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS MOST
WANT TO SUBSIDIZE.
>> Bill: IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE A
BILL THAT'S A GREENVILLE, KIDS
AREN'T GREEN, HAVING MORE PEOPLE
ARE GREEN.
>> YOU HAVE NOT SEEN MY CHILDREN
AFTER THEY HAVE PEAS.
[LAUGHTER]
>> A LOT OF THE SAME PEOPLE WHO
ARE SAYING WE NEED THE
$3.5 TRILLION BILL ARE THE SAME
PEOPLE WHO ARE ARGUING AGAINST
IT WHEN BERNIE SANDERS WAS
RUNNING AGAINST JOE BIDEN JUST A
YEAR AGO, I THINK THAT'S
INTERESTING TOO.
A LOT OF PUNDITS HAVE COMPLETELY
CHANGE THEIR MINDS ABOUT THIS.
>> AND REPUBLICANS DESTROYED
THEIR CREDIBILITY AS RESPONSIBLE
PHYSICAL STEWARDS.
I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT TO KEEP
THAT IN MIND.
[APPLAUSE]
DONALD TRUMP GOT UP THERE AND
SAID I NEED A COUPLE TRILLION
DOLLARS AND THEY WERE LIKE HERE
YOU GO, WHATEVER YOU WANT TO.
>> Bill: THEY DESTROYED IT WAY
BEFORE THAT, THEY'VE BEEN DOING
THAT FOREVER.
>> THEY WERE ALREADY IN A WEAK
PLACE AND THEY BLEW IT.
>> Bill: THE DEMOCRATS WOULD
COME IN AND CLEAN UP THEIR MESS
AND SOMEHOW THEY WOULD STILL
HAVE THE REPUTATION AS THE
PEOPLE WHO WOULD LOOK AFTER YOUR
MONEY, I NEVER UNDERSTOOD HOW
THAT HAPPENS.
>> THEY KEEP SAYING IT DURING
ELECTIONS AND PEOPLE LIKE IT
BECAUSE AMERICANS ACTUALLY DO
LIKE THE IDEA THAT THEIR
GOVERNMENT MIGHT BE KIND OF
FISCALLY RESPONSIBLE AND
REPUBLICANS GOT AWAY WITH THE
RHETORIC FOR A LOT LONGER THAN
THE REALITY SUPPORTED IT.
>> Bill: TWO FOR YEARS OF
COMMUNITY COLLEGE, I THOUGHT OF
THAT WHEN I READ YOUR ARTICLE
THIS WEEK ABOUT DOES AMERICA
HATE THE POORLY EDUCATED?
I WAS SAYING A FEW WEEKS AGO,
MAYBE MONTHS AGO, WHO KNOWS -- I
SMOKE POT.
[LAUGHTER]
WHENEVER IT WAS, I'M NOT SO SURE
THAT THE IDEA THAT THE MORE
EDUCATION WE GET THE BETTER WE
ARE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT THEY ARE
TEACHING AT THE COLLEGES, I
DON'T THINK THEY ARE TEACHING
THE SUBJECT'S THAT ARE
SUBSTANTIVE ANYMORE, MAYBE SOME
OF THEM ARE.
ALSO THIS IDEA THAT MORE SITTING
IN CLASSROOMS MAKES YOU MORE
ABLE TO NAVIGATE THE WORLD.
YOU QUOTED A GUY WHO CAME UP
WITH THIS -- I LOVE THIS PHRASE,
PRUDENTIAL-ISM LOOKING DOWN ON
PEOPLE WHO DON'T HAVE ANY SORT
OF DEGREE.
INSTEAD OF GETTING EVERYBODY
WITH A DEGREE, WHY DON'T WE JUST
BE HONEST THAT MOST PEOPLE DON'T
NEED A DEGREE AND IT'S A
BULLSHIT THING TO BEGIN WITH.
>> I COVERED A LOT OF THINGS
ABOUT STUDENT LOANS AND PEOPLE
HAVE TO FACE THAT HIGHER
EDUCATION AMERICA IS KIND OF A
SCAM.
YOU NEED TO GO TO COLLEGE TO GET
A GOOD PROFESSIONAL JOB BUT
THERE'S NO GUARANTEE -- THE
LIKELIHOOD IS VERY POOR THAT
YOU'RE GOING TO GET A GOOD JOB
OUT OF COLLEGE FOR MOST PEOPLE
BUT YOU HAVE TO GET THE
EQUIVALENT OF A GIGANTIC
MORTGAGE TO GO TO ONE OF THESE
SCHOOLS AND A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO
GET UP TO COLLEGE NOW THEY LEAVE
AND THEY THINK TO THEMSELVES I
COULD HAVE JUST WAITED TABLES
FROM THE BEGINNING AND NOT HAD
THIS MASSIVE DEBT WHEN I LEFT.
PEOPLE ARE CATCHING ON TO THAT
AND THAT'S A PROBLEM.
>> AT RE "REASON" MAGAZINE WE ME
A POINT TO HIRE PEOPLE WHO DON'T
HAVE COLLEGE DEGREES, THAT'S
BECAUSE THEY COULDN'T GET IT
TOGETHER TO FINISH COLLEGE
RATHER THAN A DEEP PRINCIPLED
POSITION.
IT'S FOR THIS VERY REASON,
THERE'S NOTHING ABOUT SPENDING
FOUR YEARS ON AN IVY-COVERED
CAMPUS OR IN A STRIP MALL AS IN
THE CASE OF MANY COLLEGES IN
AMERICA THAT MAKES YOU BETTER
QUALIFIED TO DO A LOT OF JOBS.
I THINK THE AMERICAN PUBLIC
CURRENTLY HOLDS SOMETHING LIKE
1.6 TRILLION -- ONCE WE ARE IN,
WE WILL ROUNDED UP OR DOWN,
MONEY DOESN'T MEAN ANYTHING
ANYMORE, THEY HOLD $1.6 TRILLION
IN FEDERAL STUDENT DEBT.
THAT MONEY MAYBE DOESN'T MEAN
ANYTHING TO THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT BUT IT MEANS A LOT TO
THOSE INDIVIDUAL PEOPLE, THEY
HAVE BEEN SOLD THIS BILL OF
GOODS WHERE THEY HAVE TAKEN ON
DEBT, IT'S SHAPING DECISIONS
THEY MAKE IN THEIR LIVES AND
WRINKLY, I WOULD LIKE TO SEE US
IMPROVE OUR K-12 SYSTEM SO
PEOPLE DON'T FEEL LIKE THEY NEED
A COLLEGE DEGREE.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
MASSIVELY INCREASED SPENDING TO
NO AVAIL.
>> Bill: I FEEL LIKE THEY
DON'T KNOW ANYTHING, THEY'VE
NEVER READ A BOOK.
SOMEBODY SENT ME A VIDEO OF A
TIKTOK MASHUP, IT'S LIKE THE OLD
JAYWALKING BIT WHERE HE ASKED
PEOPLE QUESTIONS.
FIRST QUESTION, WHO WAS THE
FIRST AMERICAN TO WALK ON THE
SON.
HIM AND GO LANCE ARMSTRONG?
ANOTHER QUESTION IS VENICE,
ITALY, IS AND WHAT COUNTRY.
ANSWER: PARIS.
THEY ARE MORONIC ON A LEVEL THEY
WEREN'T EVEN TEN YEARS AGO.
WHY WOULD I WANT TO PUT MORE
MONEY INTO THAT?
ONE OF THEM PREFACES HER ANSWER
WITH I'M A TEACHER, I SHOULD
KNOW THIS.
AND NOW WE ARE FINDING OUT,
SOMEBODY IDENTIFIED THIS WEEK I
SAW ON THE NEWS WITH THEIR
CALLING A MEETING CRISIS BECAUSE
WOMEN OVERWHELMINGLY ARE KICKING
ENDS ASSES AS FAR AS GETTING
DEGREES.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
THAT'S WHAT I THINK!
>> I THINK MEN MIGHT BE ONTO
SOMETHING HERE.
IT PAINS ME BUT IT SIGNIFICANTLY
FEWER MEN ARE LOOKING AT THE
PROPOSITION THAT COLLEGE OFFERS
AND SAYING THEY WANT TO TAKE IT,
YOU KNOW -- I HATE TO SAY THAT.
>> Bill: THE PROBLEM IS THAT
WOMEN WHO HAVE A DEGREE DON'T
WANT TO GO OUT WITH MEN WHO
DON'T.
YOU WIND UP WITH ALL THESE
LONELY, ANGRY MEN.
[LAUGHTER]
REALLY FUNNY!
WHO ARE GOING TO BURN DOWN THE
COUNTRY.
OTHER THAN THAT, IT'S HYSTERICA
HYSTERICAL.
WHEREVER YOU HAVE LONELY, ANGRY
MEN, IT'S NEVER A GOOD THING.
THE PRIESTHOOD.
FOR THE TALIBAN.
I COULD GO ON.
LONELY, ANGRY MEN.
WHO WAS THE PERFECT CHAMPION OF
THE MORONIC?
DONALD TRUMP.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
ESPECIALLY GUYS.
HIS VOCABULARY, ALL SIX WORDS OF
IT IS PERFECT.
>> I COVERED TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND
HE KNEW EXACTLY WHO HE WAS
TALKING TO, HIS WHOLE THING
ABOUT "I LOVE THE POORLY
EDUCATED."
HE UNDERSTOOD WHERE ALL THE
FRUSTRATION WAS OUT THERE,
EDUCATION IS THE POLITICAL
DIVIDE IN THIS COUNTRY RIGHT
NOW.
IT'S THE MOST PREDICTIVE THING,
IF YOU WANT TO DETERMINE WHO'S
GOING TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS AND
WHO'S GOING TO VOTE FOR
REPUBLICANS, IT'S COLLEGE
GRADUATES VERSUS PEOPLE WHO
DON'T HAVE COLLEGE DEGREES.
THAT HAS CHANGED DRAMATICALLY
SINCE CLINTON'S TIME.
IF YOU LOOK AT THE TOP 30
DISTRICTS IN 1992, HALF OF THEM
VOTED REPUBLICAN AND HALF OF
THEM VOTED DEMOCRATS.
IN THE LAST ELECTION, ALL BUT
THREE OF THEM VOTED DEMOCRATS.
IT'S BECOME A CLASS EDUCATIONAL
THING.
>> Bill: ACCOMPANIED BY REAL
HATE.
LIKE I WANT YOU TO DIE KIND OF
WHICH NEVER WAS THE CASE.
AS RECENTLY AS THE 20s OR
30s, I THINK ONLY LIKE
1 OUT OF 20 AMERICANS WENT TO
COLLEGE.
USED TO SAY "A COLLEGE MAN.
"ALMOST LIKE YOU'RE A DOCTOR.
BUT THE PEOPLE WHO DIDN'T GO
DIDN'T HATE THOSE PEOPLE, NOW
THEY HATE.
AND I SEE IN THE PAPER TODAY,
OVER HALF OF TRUMP PEOPLE WANT A
CIVIL WAR.
41% OF BIDEN VOTERS WANT A
CIVIL WAR, WHERE DO THEY THINK
ARE GOING?
WHAT SIDE ARE WE ON?
I'M IN CALIFORNIA, HE GOT
4.5 MILLION VOTES IN THIS STATE
OR COWE CAN'T A CIVIL WAR.
>> THIS IS THE PROBLEM OF
POLARIZATION, IT CAUSES ALL
KINDS OF DOWNSTREAM ISSUES, I
GUESS INCLUDING EVENTUALLY
CIVIL WAR, I HOPE NOT.
PEOPLE DON'T KNOW PEOPLE WHO
DISAGREE WITH THEM POLITICALLY
ANYMORE AND THEY DID USE TO
QUITE RECENTLY.
>> Bill: EXACTLY.
>> IN SOME WAYS, THAT'S A
POTENTIAL SOLUTION TO SOME OF
THE ANGST AROUND POLITICS RIGHT
NOW, IT'S IF EVERYONE COULD JUST
GO MAKE ONE FRIEND WHO VOTED
DIFFERENTLY -- I GET IT TO.
IF YOU'RE REPUBLICAN AND YOU
THINK A DEMOCRAT IS TOO FAR AND
VICE VERSA, CONSIDER
LIBERTARIANS.
THERE'S SOMETHING TO HATE AND
SOMETHING TO LOVE FOR BOTH SIDES
ABOUT US.
AND WE ARE SUPER FUN AT PARTIES.
JUST TRY IT.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
>> Bill: WE THOUGHT THIS WOULD
BE A GOOD WEEK WITH THE
STEPHANIE GRISHAM BOOK COMING
OUT TO DO ONE OF OUR FAVORITE
DEPARTMENTS ON THIS SHOW, I
DON'T KNOW IT FOR A FACT, I JUST
KNOW IT'S TRUE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT FOR A FACT, I
JUST KNOW IT'S TRUE.
I DON'T KNOW FOR A FACT THAT THE
CHEF WHO INVENTED "BLACKENED
CHICKEN" JUST BURNT THE CHICKEN.
I JUST KNOW IT'S TRUE.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
I DON'T KNOW FOR A FACT THAT IN
THE NOT-TOO-DISTANT FUTURE,
EVERY GUY WHO CAN'T GET IT UP
WILL BLAME IT ON LONG COVID, I
JUST KNOW IT'S TRUE.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
I DON'T KNOW FOR A FACT THAT
HUNTER BIDEN HAS DONE THE PULP
FICTION THING WITH THE SYRINGE
IN THE CHEST.
I DON'T KNOW FOR A FACT THAT THE
"HAND SANITIZER" AT SUPER CUTS
IS JUST GEL.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
I DON'T KNOW FOR A FACT THAT YOU
COULD SHOW A DOORMAN IN L.A.
A VACCINATION CARD THAT WAS
REALLY A COUPON FROM BED BATH &
BEYOND AND HE'D STILL LET YOU
IN.
[APPLAUSE]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
I DON'T KNOW FOR A FACT THAT
KYRSTEN SINEMA ISN'T BI, SHE'S
JUST INDECISIVE.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
I DON'T KNOW FOR A FACT THAT YOU
COULD PAY FOR A LAMBORGHINI JUST
BY RENTING IT TO GUYS ON TINDER
TO POSE IN FRONT OF.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
I DON'T KNOW FOR A FACT THAT IF
A GIANT SINKHOLE LEADING TO
PREHISTORIC LAND SUDDENLY
APPEARED ON LA BREA AVENUE,
EVERYONE IN L.A.
WOULD JUST GO.'SHIT, NOW I HAVE
TO TAKE FAIRFAX."
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
I DON'T KNOW FOR A FACT THAT IF
I STARTED THE
#BANGYOURFACEWITHAPIPE CHALLENGE
ON TIKTOK, KIDS WOULD DO IT.
I JUST KNOW IT'S TRUE.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
I DON'T KNOW FOR A FACT THAT NOW
THAT ROBIN HAS COME OUT AS
BISEXUAL, HE LISTS HIS PRONOUNS
AS "BIFF!"
"POW!"
AND "BAM!."
I JUST KNOW IT'S TRUE.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
I THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE A GOOD
WEEK TO DO THIS BECAUSE WHEN I
READ YOU, MATT TAIBBI, AS I
ALWAYS DO ABOUT RUSSIA, THAT
SEEMS TO BE WHAT YOU'RE SAYING,
THE RUSSIA-TRUMP CONNECTION.
YOU GET WHAT I'M SAYING?
THAT IS YOUR THESIS IS THAT THE
MEDIA IS LIKE I DON'T KNOW FOR A
FACT, I JUST KNOW IT'S TRUE.
I HAVE TO PICK THIS FIGHT WITH
YOU BECAUSE I UNDERSTAND --
YOU'RE RIGHT, THE MEDIA DOESN'T
LEAP ON THINGS TOO SOON.
THEY DON'T CARE, THEY WANT TO BE
FIRST, MORE IMPORTANT THAN BEING
ACCURATE.
IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU THINK THAT
WHEN TRUMP SAYS IT WAS A HOAX,
HE'S RIGHT AND I DON'T THINK
THAT'S THE CASE.
YOU COMPARED IT TO WMDs, IT
SAID THE RUSSIA CONNECTION WITH
TRUMP IS THIS GENERATION WMD
COME I DON'T THINK THAT'S AN
ACCURATE ANALOGY, THERE WERE NO
WMDs BUT THERE WAS COLLUSION
WITH RUSSIA.
>> REALLY?
WHERE?
>> Bill: THE SENATE
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE, THIS IS
RUN BY REPUBLICANS WHO ARE IF
ANYTHING ARE SLAVISH TO TRUMP,
THEIR REPORTS AT TRUMP
CAMPAIGN'S INTERACTIONS WITH
RUSSIAN INTELLIGENCE SERVICES
DURING THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL
ELECTION POSED A GRAVE
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE THREAT.
WHY WOULD REPUBLICANS SAY THAT
ABOUT DONALD TRUMP?
>> FIRST OF ALL, ROBERT MUELLER
DIDN'T SAY THAT'S.
>> Bill: HE DIDN'T NOT SAY
THAT.
HE SAID I'M NOT GOING TO NOT NOT
NOT SAY -- HE PUSSIED OUT BUT HE
DIDN'T EXONERATE HIM AT ALL.
>> THIS STORY IS ABOUT THE
ALLEGED DELIVERY OF PUBLIC
POLLING DATA TO A GUY WITH THE
INTERNATIONAL REPUBLICAN
INSTITUTE.
>> Bill: HE'S ALSO BEEN
DESCRIBED AS A GRU AGENT.
WE DON'T REALLY KNOW, HE'S
CERTAINLY SOMETHING CLOSE TO THE
PEOPLE IN RUSSIA -- YOU WILL
ADMIT THEY HAD A BUILDING OF
PEOPLE IN ST. PETERSBURG WHO
WERE JUST ASSIGNED TO RAT FUCK
THE ELECTION THROUGH FACEBOOK,
RIGHT?
>> Bill: THEORETICALLY, THEY
TALKED ABOUT $100,000 THAT WAS
SPENT BY THAT COMPANY.
>> Bill: FACEBOOK IS FREE.
>> BUT THEY NEVER ESTABLISHED A
CONNECTION BETWEEN THAT COMPANY
AND THE GOVERNMENT.
>> Bill: THEY WERE JUST DOING
IT VOLUNTARILY?
>> $100,000 WITH OF ADS?
IF THEY REALLY WANTED TO AFFECT
THE ELECTION, WHY NOT JUST GIVE
TRUMP $50 MILLION.
>> Bill: 9/11 DIDN'T COST
MUCH EITHER, IT'S NOT ABOUT HOW
MUCH YOU SPEND.
>> I THINK THE MORE SIGNIFICANT
THING IS THERE WAS SUCH A
MASSIVE QUANTITY OF FAKE STORIES
THAT DID GO THROUGH.
>> Bill: THE DOSSIER GOT RIGHT
TO GO VERY IMPORTANT THINGS.
I THOUGHT YOU LOOKED AT ME
LIKE --
>> THAT'S MY DEFAULT FACIAL
EXPRESSION, SKEPTICISM.
>> Bill: THEY GOT RIGHTS THAT
HE WAS WAGING A BROAD CAMPAIGN
TO ELECT TRUMP AND THE OTHER
THING THEY GOT RIGHT WAS THE
WIKILEAKS LEAK.
>> THIS WAS ALL BEING WRITTEN
DURING THE TIME ALL OF THIS WAS
COMING OUT TO.
THE FBI CONCLUDED THEY COULDN'T
FIND ANY ORIGINAL REPORTING IN
THE STEELE DOSSIER THAT ACTUALLY
PANNED OUT.
THE STUFF THAT WAS ORIGINAL IN
THE STEELE DOSSIER, EVERYTHING
FROM THE PEE TAPE TO THE
WELL-DEVELOPED CONSPIRACY, THE
PLAN BETWEEN THE FSB AND TRUMP,
NONE OF THAT HAND OUT.
>> Bill: THE PEE TAPE WAS A
TRAGEDY.
>> THAT WAS A MASSIVE STORY FOR
YEARS.
>> Bill: IT WAS A MASSIVE
STORY BECAUSE PEOPLE WOULD
RATHER TALK ABOUT PEE THAN THE
BUDGET.
ON MOST SHOWS.
WE TALK ABOUT BOTH.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
BUT THAT WAS CONFIRMED BY ROBERT
MUELLER.
ROGER STONE TOLD WIKILEAKS TO
RELEASE THE DEMOCRATIC EMAILS,
THE PODESTA EMAILS RIGHT AFTER
THE HOLLYWOOD ACCESS TAPE CAME
OUT AND THEY DID IT WITHIN AN
HOUR.
WITHIN A DAY AFTER TRUMP SAID
PUBLICLY "RUSSIA, IF YOU'RE
LISTENING, I HOPE YOU CAN HACK
THOSE EMAILS.
"THEY STARTED TO DO IT.
THAT'S NOT COLLUSION?
>> NO, THE ROGER STONE
INDICTMENT PROVES THAT THE
COLLUSION THEORY WAS WRONG.
EVEN AT THAT VERY LATE DATE THEY
WERE TRYING TO REACH OUT TO
WIKILEAKS.
IF THERE WAS A CONSPIRACY
BETWEEN WIKILEAKS, RUSSIA,
TRUMP, THEY WOULD'VE HAD
ROGER STONE REACH OUT AND BEING
TOLD TO FUCK OFF.
>> Bill: SO IT'S A COINCIDENCE
THE EMAILS WERE RELEASED RIGHT
AFTER?
>> THAT'S COMPLETELY DIFFERENT
THING FROM TALKING ABOUT AN
ESPIONAGE CONSPIRACY WHERE TRUMP
AND THE RUSSIANS GOT TOGETHER TO
PLAN TO FIX AN ELECTION.
THEY ARE ALLOWED TO TALK TO
WIKILEAKS IF THEY THINK THEY
HAVE A BIG STORY THAT'S GOING TO
HURT HILLARY CLINTON.
>> Bill: YOU WANT TO JUMP IN
ON THIS?
>> I WOULD NOT LOVE TO, FRANKLY,
BUT I WILL.
HIM AND I FEEL LIKE I'M AT A
TABLE WITH TWO DUDES WHO EACH
HAVE THEIR OWN BULLETIN BOARD
COVERED WITH YARN AND NEWS
CLIPPINGS AND YOU'RE BOTH RIGHT.
THERE REALLY IS -- THIS LIVES IN
THE SPACE BETWEEN INCOMPETENCE
AND CONSPIRACY.
TRUMP DID A TERRIBLE JOB OF
COLLUDING WITH RUSSIA IF HE WAS
TRYING TO.
>> Bill: YES, RIGHT!
>> AND MAYBE HE WAS TRYING TO
PUT ON SOME LEVEL I THINK THE
REAL MISTAKE WAS AND I THINK
THIS IS MATT'S POINT, THE MEDIA
FOCUS ON THIS STORY MISSED THE
MARK BECAUSE TRUMP WAS DOING A
BUNCH OF VERY BAD STUFF IN
PUBLIC THAT CAN AND SHOULD HAVE
CONVINCED PEOPLE THAT HE WASN'T
GOING TO BE FIT TO SERVE AS
PRESIDENT FOR A SECOND TERM, A
FIRST TERM -- IT TURNED OUT THAT
FOCUSING ON THE RUSSIA STUFF MAY
BE DISTRACTED FROM TALKING ABOUT
HIS TERRIBLE IMMIGRATION POLICY
OR THE BUDGET.
>> Bill: I FEEL LIKE WE DID
BOTH.
>> WE DIDN'T NEED THE PEE TAPE,
WE HAD THE EXCESS HOLLYWOOD
TAPE.
>> Bill: TO PRETEND THEY
WEREN'T IN BED WITH THE RUSSIANS
AND THEN THEY DID IT AGAIN
BECAUSE THEY GOT AWAY WITH IT.
RUDY GIULIANI WENT TO UKRAINE
AND MET WITH A GUY WHO HE SAID
AT BEST THIS IS LIKE 50/50 A
RUSSIAN AGENT, THAT WAS HIS
DEFENSE.
SHOULD WE EVEN BE MEETING WITH
PEOPLE WHO ARE AT BEST 50/50 A
RUSSIAN AGENT?
THAT'S HOW FAR THE GOALPOSTS
HAVE MOVED, THAT'S NOT A BIG.
>> THE STORY FOR THREE YEARS WAS
TRUMP COLLUDED WITH A RUSSIAN
SECRET SERVICES TO FIX AN
ELECTION, IT WAS AN ESPIONAGE
CONSPIRACY STORY, THAT WE TOOK
SERIOUSLY.
>> Bill: BECAUSE IT IS
SERIOUS, THEY DIDN'T HAVE TO BE
IN THE SAME ROOM.
THE THING IS WITH TRUMP HE
COMMITTED HIS CRIMES SO PUBLICLY
THAT PEOPLE JUST THOUGHT IT MUST
NOT BE A CRIME BECAUSE HOW ELSE
COULD YOU GET AWAY WITH THAT?
IT'S LIKE THE GUY WHO CHEATS ON
HIS WIFE RIGHT AT THE PRIME
TABLE IN THE MOST POPULAR
RESTAURANT.
IF I WAS FUCKING HER WHAT I BE
RIGHT HERE?
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
LET'S MOVE ON.
BIG NEWS TODAY, MERCK HAS A NEW
COVID PILL.
WHAT IS FUNNY ABOUT THAT?
[LAUGHTER]
I WANT TO ASK IF YOU THINK THIS
IS A GAME CHANGER BUT WE NEVER
HAD THIS SO FAR.
THEY HAVE DEVELOPED A PILL THAT
REDUCES THE RISK OF
HOSPITALIZATION OR DEATH BY
ABOUT 50% FOR PATIENTS WITH THEY
SAY MILD OR MODERATE CASES OF
COVID WHICH MEANS TAKE IT EARLY,
WHEN YOU FIRST FEEL BAD, TAKE
THIS PILL -- IS THIS GOING TO
CHANGE EVERYTHING?
>> I SURE HOPE SO, IT WOULD BE
INCREDIBLE IF THIS WORKED OUT,
JUST LIKE THE VACCINE WAS AN
INCREDIBLE INNOVATION THAT
CHANGED -- UNFORTUNATELY NOT AS
MUCH AS WE WOULD LIKE BUT ONLY
HELPED GET THE COUNTRY
FUNCTIONING AGAIN AND THE WORLD
FUNCTIONING AGAIN.
>> Bill: BUT THIS IS A PILL,
PEOPLE LOVE PILLS, AMERICANS
LOVE PILLS.
THAT'S WHY I THINK THIS IS GOING
TO BE THE GAME BECAUSE THEY ARE
LIKE JUST SOLVE IT WITH A PILL.
EVEN THOUGH A PILL COULD DO THE
SAME AS A VACCINE.
PEOPLE WANT PILLS.
THEY LOVE PILLS, PILLS ARE EASY,
EVEN A SHOT IT'S LIKE IT HURTS
AND I DON'T KNOW, IT'S A SCARY,
IT'S A NEEDLE, BUT A PILL, WHO
CAN'T TAKE A PILL?
>> I'M STARTING TO FEEL BAD I
DIDN'T BRING YOU ANY PILLS, I'M
VERY SORRY.
I COULD HAVE.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
I THINK THIS IS AN ENCOURAGING
DEVELOPMENT, IT COULD BE A
GAME CHANGER.
I WENT INTO THE PANDEMIC
EXTREMELY SKEPTICAL OF THE FDA
AND THE CDC BUT I THINK AMERICA
JOINED ME IN THAT AS WE SAW A
HUGE NUMBER OF MISTAKES BY THE
PUBLIC HEALTH BUREAUCRACY, HUGE
AND THIS PILL DOES NOT HAVE FDA
APPROVAL RIGHT NOW.
I WANT TO KNOW HOW LONG ARE WE
GOING TO HAVE TO WAIT?
IF THIS IS LIFE SAVING WHAT THE
VACCINES HAVE TURNED OUT TO BE,
I WOULD LIKE FOR PEOPLE TO HAVE
THE RIGHT TO TRY THESE
LIFE-SAVING MEDICATIONS AND I'M
AFRAID THE BUREAUCRACY IS GOING
TO STAND IN THE WAY.
>> Bill: ONE OF THE PROBLEMS
AS YOU HAVE WRITTEN ELOQUENTLY
ABOUT, WE HAVE POLITICIZED
MEDICATION.
IVERMECTIN, IT'S A DRUG, IT'S
NOT A POLITICIAN, IT SHOULD NOT
HAVE ANY REPUTATION EXCEPT DOES
IT WORK OR NOT?
[APPLAUSE]
THANK YOU FOR APPLAUDING THAT
COMPLETELY NONCONTROVERSIAL
IDEA.
ON THE LEFT IT WAS LIKE YOU
CAN'T EVEN MENTION IT TO.
IS NOT PART OF YOUR CENSORED
CAMPAIGN?
PEOPLE TALKING ABOUT IVERMECTIN
AND COMEDIANS ON THE LEFT WERE
ONLY TALKING ABOUT THE FACT THAT
IT WAS USED TO T -- LEAVING OUT
THAT IT WAS MILLIONS OF TIMES
FOR HUMANS.
THERE WAS A LARGE PATIENT TO
STUDY IN BRAZIL, IVERMECTIN THEY
SAID HAD NO EFFECT WHATSOEVER.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
THERE'S ALWAYS MULTIPLE STUDIES.
I DON'T KNOW, DOCTORS ARE ALSO
WRONG ABOUT SHIT.
WE DON'T KNOW.
SPEAK OF THE THAT IS WEIRD ABOUT
COVID IS THERE SO MANY PEOPLE
ROOTING AGAINST OR FOR CERTAIN
DRUGS.
>> Bill: ROOTING!
>> WHY DO YOU CARE?
>> Bill: ROUTE FOUR AT!
>> EXACTLY.
>> Bill: THAN THEY HAVE AN
ANTIDEPRESSANT, IT DOESN'T SHOW
A 30% REDUCTION IN RISK OF
HOSPITALIZATION, WHY DON'T WE
HEAR ABOUT THAT?
WHY ISN'T THAT APPROVED TO TALK
ABOUT?
I DON'T GET IT.
HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE, TRUMP TOOK
US, WHEN YOU TOUCH A BABY BIRD,
IT WILL DIE BECAUSE THE MOTHER
KNOWS A HUMAN TOUCHED IT.
>> I THINK A LOT OF PEOPLE WANT
TO BE GATEKEEPERS ON THIS, A LOT
OF PEOPLE THOUGHT THE AMERICAN
PUBLIC WAS TOO STUPID TO
UNDERSTAND THERE MIGHT BE
MULTIPLE DIFFERENT TREATMENTS
END OF THE THINGS GOING ON AT
ONCE AND THEY JUST HAD TO BE
TOLD A VERY, VERY SIMPLE STORY
THAT ONLY THE VACCINE IS GOOD
AND THEY HAD TO TAKE A VACCINE.
FAR BE IT FOR ME TO SAY THE
AMERICAN PUBLIC IS NOT STUPID,
THAT DOES HAPPEN.
WHEN MISTAKES ARE THIS HIGH END
IT REALLY IS ABOUT PROTECTING
YOUR OWN LIFE, PEOPLE SHOULD BE
ALLOWED TO MAKE THEIR OWN
CHOICES AND IF THEY WANT TO READ
A BUNCH OF BRAZILIAN STUDIES AND
COME TO THEIR OWN CONCLUSION,
THAT SHOULD BE ALL RIGHT.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Bill: THAT STUDY MAY TURN
OUT TO BE TRUE BUT THEY USUALLY
DO MULTIPLE STUDIES AND I DON'T
KNOW HOW THE BRAZILIAN STUDIES
ARE DONE, I DON'T KNOW WHO WROTE
A CHECK, SOMETIMES THAT HAPPENS
TO MAKE A STATIC AMOUNT.
AS A DOCTOR I READ, SERIOUS
DOCTOR SAID NOTHING IN MEDICINE
IS FIXED OR PRECISE UNLIKE OTHER
SCIENCES, THAT IS THE CASE I
HAVE BEEN TRYING TO PRESS GET ON
THE SHOW.
WE RAN OUT OF TIME, IT WAS A LOT
OF FUN.
TIME FOR NEW RULES, EVERYBODY!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
NEW RULE: THE MAKERS OF THIS
QUANTUM LOGIC CLOCK AT THE
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS
AND TECHNOLOGY, WHICH IS SO
ACCURATE IT WOULD NEITHER GAIN
NOR LOSE ONE SECOND IN 33
BILLION YEARS HAVE TO ADMIT
THAT'S IT'S SUCH A BITCH TO
RESET WHEN THE POWER GOES OUT,
THEY CHUCKED IT AND BOUGHT THIS
ONE FROM TARGET.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
NEW RULE: NOW THAT TWO OF THE
BIGGEST TALENT AGENCIES IN
HOLLYWOOD ARE MERGING, ICM AND
CAA HAVE TO CHANGE THEIR NAME TO
IM CACA.
[LAUGHTER]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
THAT WAY, WHEN YOU'RE WATCHING
CATS AND THINKING "WHO MADE THIS
SHIT?"
YOU'LL HAVE YOUR ANSWER.
NEW RULE: STOP SHOWING ME VIDEO
OF WORKERS IN HAZMAT SUITS
SPRAYING DOWN TRAINS AND PLANES
WITH GOD-KNOWS-WHAT.
I'D RATHER TAKE MY CHANCES WITH
COVID THAN RIDE THE CHEMICAL
EXPRESS TO CANCER TOWN.
[LAUGHTER]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
NO VACATION SHOULD BEGIN WITH,
"THIS IS YOUR CAPTAIN SPEAKING,
OUR FLIGHT TODAY CONTAINS TOXINS
KNOWN TO THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA
TO CAUSE BIRTH DEFECTS.
NOW SIT BACK, RELAX AND ENJOY
THE FLIGHT!"
[LAUGHTER]
NEW RULE: THE ORGANIZERS OF THE
ATTEMPT TO BREAK THE WORLD
RECORD FOR THE LARGEST EVER MASS
DOG WEDDING, HAVE TO INVITE ME
NEXT TIME.
BECAUSE, REALLY, AT WHAT OTHER
CEREMONY ARE YOU GOING TO GET TO
SEE A GROOM CHEAT ON HIS BRIDE
RIGHT THERE ON THE ALTAR?
[LAUGHTER]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
I GOT HIM ON THAT ONE.
NEW RULE: SINCE SCANDINAVIA IS
ONLY KNOWN FOR FURNITURE -- AND
ATMOSPHERIC CRIME SHOWS ABOUT
MURDERERS -- THEY MUST MAKE AN
ATMOSPHERIC CRIME SHOW ABOUT
SOMEONE WHO MURDERS PEOPLE WITH
FURNITURE.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
AND THE TITLE OF IT MUST BE IF I
CATCH YOU, IKEA.
[LAUGHTER]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
AND FINALLY, NEW RULE.
SOMEONE HAS TO BREAK IT TO
AMERICA'S TRAVEL VLOGGERS THAT
THE PART OF LIFE WHERE YOU'RE
RETIRED AND JOYRIDE AROUND THE
COUNTRY THAT'S SUPPOSED TO COME
AFTER THE WORKING-FOR-A-LIVING
PART, NOT BEFORE IT.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
IN RECENT WEEKS, THE COUNTRY HAS
BEEN TRANSFIXED WITH THE STORY
OF A YOUNG WOMAN MURDERED WHILE
TRAVELING IN A VAN WITH HER
BOYFRIEND, AND WHILE TOO MUCH
ATTENTION HAS ALREADY BEEN PAID,
THIS CASE HAS TAUGHT ME A FEW
THINGS.
FIRST THAT NANCY GRACE IS STILL
ALIVE;
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
AND SECOND, HOW EXTENSIVE
IS THIS MOVEMENT OF YOUNG
HIPSTERS REJECTING THE DREARY,
WORKING LIFE OF US NORMIES TO
INSTEAD EXPLORE THE COUNTRY IN A
VAN.
WHICH I FOUND VERY ODD: THIS IS
WHAT RETIREES DO -- THEY GET AN
RV AND VISIT OUR NATION'S MANY
HISTORIC OUTLET MALLS; IT'S WHAT
[LAUGHTER]
CLARENCE THOMAS AND HIS HIDEOUS
WIFE DO FOR KICKS -- YOU WANT TO
EMULATE THEM?
WHAT NEXT, TAKE UP SHOOTING
BIRDS ON THE GROUND LIKE DICK
CHENEY?
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
BUT OF COURSE THE WHOLE POINT OF
#VanLife IS TO FILM YOUR TRAVELS
AND PUT THEM ON YOUTUBE; YOU'RE
NOT A HOBO, YOU'RE A CONTENT
PROVIDER!
LET OTHER PEOPLE WORK STUPID
JOBS LIKE NURSE OR TEACHER,
YOU'VE FIGURED OUT A WAY TO
MONETIZE FUCKING OFF!
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
YEAH, YOU AND EVERYBODY ELSE IN
YOUR GENERATION.
ACCORDING TO THE LA TIMES
"CONTENT CREATORS ARE THE
FASTEST GROWING TYPE OF SMALL
BUSINESS IN THE U.S."
BY ONE ESTIMATE, OVER 50 MILLION
PEOPLE WORLDWIDE NOW CONSIDER
THEMSELVES TO BE ONLINE CREATORS
OR INFLUENCERS.
WHEN WE USED TO ASK KIDS "WHAT
DO YOU WANT TO BE WHEN YOU GROW
UP?"
THEY'D SAY "FIREFIGHTER,,
""ASTRONAUT."
NOW MOST 6-YEAR-OLDS WOULD
PROBABLY SAY "I WANT TO BE
INSTAGRAM FAMOUS, BITCH!"
[LAUGHTER]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
AND WHY NOT?
THE SUPPOSEDLY MEDIA-SAVVY
MILLENNIALS AND GEN ZERS REALLY
DO BUY STUFF JUST BECAUSE SOME
DING-DONG HOLDS IT UP ON
INSTAGRAM.
THEY LAUGH AT BOOMERS BUYING
CRAP ON QVC, BUT YOU'RE DOING
THE SAME THING.
GRANDMA'S BUYING TUPPERWARE,
YOU'RE SELLING MASCARA TO EACH
OTHER -- THE ONLY DIFFERENCE IS,
SHE'S SUFFERING FROM DEMENTIA;
WHAT'S YOUR EXCUSE?
[LAUGHTER]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
I GET WHY NOBODY WANTS THE JOBS
THAT DEL TACO IS OFFERING, BUT
HONESTLY, THAT'S EXACTLY WHERE
BRIAN LAUNDRIE SHOULD BE
WORKING.
HE WAS NEVER DESTINED TO BE
INSTA FAMOUS -- HE WAS DESTINED
TO FORGET THE FRIES IN MY
CHEESEBURGER COMBO.
I KEEP HEARING THAT THERE ARE NO
GOOD JOBS OUT THERE.
WELL, THERE CERTAINLY ARE MANY
SHITTY JOBS OUT THERE, BUT THERE
ARE ALSO MILLIONS OF OPENINGS IN
PROFESSIONAL AND BUSINESS
SERVICES, EDUCATION, HEALTH,
CONSTRUCTION, RETAIL,
MANUFACTURING -- AMERICA RIGHT
NOW HAS MORE JOB OPENINGS THAN
AT ANY TIME IN ITS HISTORY, AND
MORE THAN THERE ARE PEOPLE
LOOKING.
A LOT OF THE TIME "THERE ARE NO
GOOD JOBS OUT THERE" JUST MEANS
"I WANT TO BE KIM KARDASHIAN."
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
IT MEANS "I WANT MY JOB TO BE
"I'M ME, AND PEOPLE PAY TO WATCH
THAT!"" WHAT'S THE FALLBACK
CAREER -- MARIJUANA TESTER?
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
72% OF GEN Z'S SAY THEY'D LIKE
TO BE AN ONLINE CELEBRITY.
THEY DON'T EVEN WANT TO ACHIEVE
SOMETHING THAT MAKES THEM
FAMOUS.
THAT WOULD INVOLVE THAT PESKY
STEP OF DEVELOPING SOME SORT OF
TALENT OR SKILL -- NO, GETTING
FOLLOWERS, THAT IS THE
ACHIEVEMENT.
I'D SAY "TAKE A GOOD LONG LOOK
AT YOURSELF," BUT PLAINLY THAT'S
ALL YOU DO ALL DAY.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
WE SPENT DECADES DISMANTLING THE
PATRIARCHAL NOTION THAT WOMEN
SHOULD STAY HOME AND NOT WORK,
AND THEN THE KARDASHIAN
PHENOMENON HAPPENED AND NOW IT
SEEMS LIKE MILLIONS WANT TO.
UM, STAY HOME AND NOT WORK.
THIS GENERATION'S FINANCIAL PLAN
IS HITTING THE JACKPOT.
GETTING PAID TO DO NOTHING IS
THEIR HIGHEST GOAL.
SO SPOILED BY PARENTS WHO TOLD
THEM, "ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS DO
YOU" THAT THEY THINK IT'S
FASCINATING FOR US TO WATCH THEM
ORDER EGGS AT A DINER.
[LAUGHTER]
BUT HOW LONG CAN WE GO ON
SELLING EACH OTHER OUR LIFE
STORIES AS THE BASIS FOR AN
ECONOMY?
IT DOESN'T FEEL SUSTAINABLE.
YOU CAN'T ALL BE THE TRUMAN
SHOW.
MOST OF THE TIME WHAT THESE
VLOGGERS ARE REPORTING ON IN
THEIR TRAVELS IS JUST
THEMSELVES.
"THIS JUST IN WE WOKE UP."
[LAUGHTER]
IT'S HARD TO WRAP MY HEAD AROUND
THIS LEVEL OF NARCISSISM OF SO
MANY PEOPLE TRYING TO MAKE A
LIVING BY TAKING PICTURES OF
THEMSELVES, LIKE THEY'RE THEIR
OWN PAPARAZZI.
EVERYONE WANTS TO KNOW WHAT WENT
ON IN THAT VAN BETWEEN BRIAN AND
GABBY; I WANT TO KNOW WHY
FILMING "VAN LIFE" IS SOMETHING
ANYONE WOULD FIND INTERESTING TO
BEGIN WITH.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
HOME MOVIES HAVE NEVER BEEN
INTERESTING -- THAT'S AS TRUE IN
THE YOUTUBE ERA AS IT WAS BACK
WHEN KIDS HAD TO SIT THROUGH
UNCLE MORTY'S SUPER 8 FOOTAGE OF
HIS TRIP TO CYPRESS GARDENS, BUT
[LAUGHTER]
AT LEAST HE DIDN'T ASK US TO HIT
THE "LIKE" BUTTON AND
"SUBSCRIBE" TO IT.
[LAUGHTER]
I'M SORRY, BUT BRIAN LAUNDRIE
WAS NOT AN INTERESTING PERSON
UNTIL HE BECAME A PERSON OF
INTEREST.
[LAUGHTER]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
WHEN I READ ABOUT THIS COUPLE
RIDING AROUND FOR FOUR MONTHS, I
THOUGHT, HOW LOVELY THAT WOULD
HAVE BEEN WHEN I WAS 22 -- I
DON'T REMEMBER HAVING THE
FREEDOM TO JUST DRIVE AROUND THE
COUNTRY -- I HAD TO SELL DRUGS.
[LAUGHTER]
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
I DID, I WAS STARTING A CAREER,
I HAD TO PAY FOR IT.
NOBODY THESE DAYS SEEMS TO BE UP
FOR ENDURING THOSE EARLY, SHITTY
JOBS AND SHITTY APARTMENTS WE
ALL HAD AS A MATTER OF COURSE ON
THE WAY TO SOMETHING BETTER.
ONE OF THE MOST POPULAR GAMES OF
THE PANDEMIC WAS NINTENDO'S
ANIMAL CROSSING.
A GAME WHERE YOU DON'T DO
ANYTHING.
THERE ARE NO BAD GUYS.
YOU CAN'T DIE.
YOU CAN'T WIN OR LOSE.
YOU JUST KIND OF FUCK AROUND.
[LAUGHTER]
WHAT A PERFECT GAME FOR THIS
GENERATION.
BUT WHAT I DON'T GET ABOUT THEM,
IS: IF YOU THINK HAVING A JOB IS
SO TERRIBLE, HOW COME YOU'RE
ALWAYS TRYING TO GET PEOPLE
FIRED?
OKAY, THAT'S OUR SHOW.
I'LL BE AT THE BENEDUM CENTER IN
PITTSBURGH, OCTOBER 16TH, AT THE
LYRIC THEATRE IN BALTIMORE,
OCTOBER 23RD, AND AT THE HULU
THEATRE IN NEW YORK CITY,
NOVEMBER 13TH.
I WANT TO THANK MY GUESTS
KATHERINE MANGU-WARD, MATT
TAIBBI, AND STEVIE VAN ZANDT.
AND THANK YOU, FOLKS, YOU WERE
GREAT!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
♪ ♪